New docs structure (#56)
opengisch/QField-docs: en/prepare/attributes-from.rst

*****************************

> Attributes From configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attribute Form Configuration
```

*****************************

QField creates forms similar to, but not equal to QGIS.

> Suppress Feature Form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppress Attribute Form
```

---------------------

> The setting suppress feature form is directly applied to the QField form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setting "suppress attribute form" is directly applied to the QField form.
```

+-------------------+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| Date Time         | :yay:`✔`        |                                                 |
+-------------------+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| Relation Reference| :yay:`✔`        |                                                 |
+-------------------+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| Relation Widget   | :yay:`✔`        |                                                 |
+-------------------+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| Others            | :nay:`✘`        | :ref:`make_it_grow`                             |
+-------------------+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------+

Relation Widget
---------------

For more information refer to the relations chapter of the official `QGIS Documentation <https://docs.qgis.org/3.4/en/docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/attribute_table.html#creating-one-or-many-to-many-relations>`_.

.. container:: clearer text-center

  .. figure:: /images/relation_editor_widget_list.png
     :width: 500px

> The relation widget shows all the referencing child features in a list. It's possible to add, delete and open them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relation widget shows all the referencing child features in a list. It is possible to add, delete and open them.
```

> The visual identification of the list entries are done a Display Expression on the child layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The visual identification of the list entries are done via the "Display Expression" of the child layer.
```

**Key handling**

Since the parents primary keys are used as foreign keys on the referencing child features, these primary keys must be save to use even after the synchronization back to the original data. Therefore we recommend to use stable values such as UUIDs for primary keys. 

> Child features can be added before the parent is finaly saved - means while adding a parent. But it's blocked if there is no valid primary key on the parent or the constraints are violated. In case the adding of the parent feature is canceled after there have been some childs added already, the childs are deleted by cascade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to already add children from a parent that is about to be added. This possibility will be blocked if there is no valid primary key on the parent or the constraints are violated. In case the adding of the parent feature is canceled after some children have been added already, the children are deleted as well.
```

**Many-To-Many relations**

On many-to-many relationships, according to the cardinality setting in the QGIS Vector Layer Properties, on adding, deleting or opening an entry in the list effects directly the child layer (on direct cardinality) or the linking table (on many-to-one cardinality). 

The second case is usually used when there are additional relation information (e.g. percentage) in the linking table. 

.. container:: clearer text-center

 .. figure:: /images/relation_widget_cardinality.png
     :width: 500px

In case of the many-to-one cardinality on many-to-many relations the Display Expression needs to be set on the linking table.

External Resource (photo settings)
..................................

The widget type "Attachement" is used to store the path to collected photos.

.. container:: clearer text-center

  .. figure:: /images/attachement-setting.png
     :width: 600px
     :alt: Attachement field settings

> The path should be set to relative. Means the pictures are stored then in a sub-directory of the project, where the link stored in the textfield is pointing to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path should be set to relative. The pictures are stored then in a sub-directory of the project, where the link stored in the textfield is pointing to.
```
